Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Kusakabe.
Hey, Kusakabe!
Found you.
Panda, it's nothing like
what you've told me.
Huh?
I mean Itadori.
No, that's Sukuna...
Itadori holds dominance over his body.
You just said that.
Let me speak frankly.
Now that Gojo has disappeared,
no matter how Itadori will be punished,
I won't side with you.
I agree to execute Yuji Itadori.
10:36 P.M., LOCAL TIME
KUALA LUMPUR, MALAYSIA
I'm truly sorry.
You must be exhausted, Ui Ui.
Let's share the bed today.
But this is so inappropriate.
Do you dislike me being inappropriate?
Of course not...
Sorry, someone is calling me back.
Oh, you are so bad.
Sorry to bother you at night.
Ah, I forgot it's morning over there.
Me? I'm in KL.
Yes, I used Ui Ui's technique.
I nearly got killed.
I advise you to sell all Japanese stocks
and real estate in Tokyo.
I have even exchanged all my money.
Yes, it's urgent.
Major developed countries will
inevitably be affected negatively.
No matter what, Japan still has
the world's third-largest economy.
Anyway, it's up to you.
Don't thank me.
Just stay in there as usual.
I'm looking forward to our cooperation.
What's wrong? Feeling unwell?
11:28 P.M., SHIBUYA STATION
B3, DENEN-TOSHI LINE PLATFORM
I must go.
Yuji Itadori...
Who exactly are you?
I must figure it out.
What...
am I?
Do you need my help?
Mahito.
11:36 P.M., SHIBUYA POLICE STATION
SITE OF UDAGAWA POLICE STATION
He just called him "Geto."
Give him back.
Give Mr. Gojo back!
Seeing catfish as a monster
associated with earthquakes
is a folktale from the mid-Edo era.
People at that time believed
movement from the "giant catfish"
underground will trigger an earthquake.
What just happened?
You thought you were falling, right?
But in others' eyes, you just tripped.
The advantage of Cursed Spirit
Manipulation is its endless tactics.
It can command various Cursed Spirits
of Semi-Grade 1 or higher.
Even if one is seen through or broken,
you can just release a new Cursed Spirit.
You can also launch all of them at once.
This thing...
At the Night Line of
a Hundred Demons last year,
if he hadn't spread forces
to Shinjuku and Kyoto,
perhaps he would've won, and not Okkotsu.
But this has nothing to do with you.
Give him back.
Even I have to admire it.
Sukuna's vessel is really tough.
I've always known it.
Because I was...
born from you humans.
Let's continue.
Let's talk about the future of the world.
Do you know what Maximum is?
That is equivalent to the essence
of techniques, apart from the "Domain."
Cursed Spirit Manipulation:
Maximum Uzumaki.
It combines absorbed
Cursed Spirits into one,
forming an ultra-dense mass of
Cursed Energy to attack the opponent.
What's so funny?
Sorry, nothing.
I just thought that I now
behave just like him.
We were talking about "Uzumaki", right?
"Uzumaki" is indeed strong,
but it gives up the advantage
of Cursed Spirit Manipulation.
That is, it gives up
the diversity of attacks.
So I initially had little interest in it.
I thought it was just recycling
low-grade Cursed Spirits for future use.
But I was wrong.
Uzumaki's true value
is only manifested when using
Semi-Grade 1 or higher cursed spirits.
Which is...
Extraction of techniques.
How foolish.
Do you think I can't sense
the presence you can sense?
A signal. The target is...
right below Nishimiya!
A sniper rifle? Nice.
I also think that
when dealing with Sorcerers,
one should actively use
conventional weapons.
When I was the captain of
a children's basketball team,
my mom often dyed my hair black.
Later in junior high, I met my master.
Let alone a real sword,
I had never held a wooden or bamboo sword.
Yet I still chose to become
a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
I keep swinging the sword,
because I don't want to
become a burden to my mom.
I keep swinging the sword...
because I don't want to die.
New Shadow Style...
This sword...
carries everything in the past
and in the future.
Even if I can no longer wield
a sword, I won't regret it.
"Quick Draw"!
Maximum...
"Uzumaki."
Wait!
New Shadow? That's great.
Fortunately, the person
who came isn't bad.
Mr. Kusakabe.
If you come out, it will be pointless.
It's not my fault!
Itadori.
You're Itadori now, right?
Senior Panda!
Great.
You are back.
That man who has Satoru Gojo
has the Prison Realm?
It seems so.
What's the fun in carrying
that kind of nuisance around?
Who is he?
He's Suguru Geto on the outside.
I have no idea about the inside.
Hi, Choso.
That guy is...
I have three parents.
Mother, the Cursed Spirit that
made my mother pregnant,
and the one who blended in his own blood
and manipulated my mother, the detestable...
So you've noticed.
So that's how it was.
Noritoshi Kamo!
- Noritoshi...
- ...Kamo?
Me?
What? What does that mean?
The stain of the Kamo family.
The most evil Sorcerer in history.
If it's really him, the person inside Geto
would be over 150 years old.
An outrageous barrier technique,
with a ludicrous Cursed Tool.
Having a Cursed Technique that
can replace physical bodies.
Suitable to be the mastermind indeed.
Noritoshi Kamo is just
one of my many names.
You can call me whatever you like.
Such audacity.
You dare to deceive me
to kill Itadori... my very own brother?
Get out of the way.
Don't make me wait too long.
Move aside, I am the older brother!
Due to the influence of my technique,
I can sense my brothers' anomalies,
no matter how far away they are.
My brother died.
Death.
For a living creature,
it's the last and biggest anomaly.
At that time,
I strongly sensed Yuji Itadori's
"death" before my eyes.
In other words,
Yuji is my brother by blood.
If Noritoshi Kamo can keep
replacing his body to prolong his life,
then this is not impossible.
In that case...
I will do my utmost to fulfill
my duty as the older brother.
Blood Manipulation?
Such a strong pressure.
So fast.
This is "Piercing Blood."
Don't pretend to be tough.
You must be tired.
So what?
Is that a reason not to fight
to the death for my brother?
Let me confirm if you are related.
Absolutely not,
he almost killed me last time.
Todo considers you a brother too.
Do you emit
some kind of strange pheromone?
But thanks to his interference,
we can seize this opportunity.
Yeah.
I have two lives left,
so I'll take the lead.
If we attack together,
he will show his flaw, right?
We must take back
Prison Realm by any means.
Drumming Beat...
Ice Formation...
Frost Calm.
It's quite an advanced ice technique.
If you move recklessly,
your body will shatter.
Don't kill him.
We need someone to pass on information.
Is that a reason
to keep all of them alive?
Reverse Cursed Technique.
The scale of the Cursed Technique
far surpasses ours.
I want to go home.
This level of ice is nothing.
Flowing Red Scale.
Which level did you say?
Be clear whose body it is.
Only the ice on me is especially fragile.
It seems she's related to Sukuna.
You are a friend, right?
No.
I am your big brother.
Are you serious?
Can you call me that?
Call me brother.
Tool Manipulation...
Wind Scythe!
Damn it.
He blocked it with his bare hands.
Itadori!
We can only act now.
We need to buy time
before Miss Utahime is ready.
The messenger...
can just be Yuji Itadori.
Ice Formation: Icefall!
I'll be killed...
Long time no see...
Geto.
You can answer my question
from that time now, right?
What type of woman do you like?
Yuki Tsukumo.
When people's happiness is in conflict,
there will be misery.
But when their misery conflicts,
there will likely be more misery.
Next episode: Shibuya Incident, Close.
Let's use a warmer quilt tonight.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm